# GeekBot
A virtual assistant made for windows systems

Presently a day, Technology is being growing too quick and endeavors are making to make the world keen and to lessen the general labor spent in doing any work. GeekBot is likewise one push to lessen the basic endeavors done to influence PC to complete a work, it is a virtual associate being produced utilizing python programming dialect. Geekbot is utilized to process any work on the PC through voice orders just, it makes it simple for people to associate with PC frameworks. 
Utilizing Geekbot one can do any errand on PCs through giving voice charges to it, as it can look through any subject on google, play video and sound of your decision, assemble data, open sends, open a specific site, can open, read and alter a document, can do numerical figuring’s, open any application on the PC and open settings also. It is valuable for distinctively abled people to connect with PC as they require not to give any contribution to the machine through console or mouse, everything should be possible by voice orders as it were. 
With the advancement of Geekbot it turned out to be simple and fascinating for clients to communicate with PCs. It diminishes the general time spent on playing out any undertaking as while charging the bot to complete one assignment, client can have the capacity to play out another errand itself too. It is additionally valuable for the senior individuals which are less well-known on working PCs as it is confounded for them to utilize mouse and console, so utilizing geekbot they will have the capacity to do their work all the more effortlessly. 
This bot is created utilizing python programming dialect as python is coordinated and basic in grammar. We have utilized python since it gives huge number of libraries to play out any assignment. It additionally the uprightness with various APIs, which is the most stunning component of python through which various undertakings can be performed. Libraries like beautifulsoap, Tkinter, gtts, pyaudio, selenium are utilized for improvement of this bot. A few outsider APIs as google discourse acknowledgment programming interface, google delineate programming interface, gmail, pyttx are additionally utilized for making the bot to perform most extreme number of assignments. 
